Initial commit (#181)
okta/okta-aspnet: docs/refresh-token.md

## Refreshing Access Token

> The following is an example of middleware that handles the token refresh process based on the sample provided by [@Good-man](https://github.com/Good-man) on this issue https://github.com/okta/okta-aspnet/issues/130.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example of middleware that handles the token refresh process based on the sample provided by [@Good-man](https://github.com/Good-man) on [this issue](https://github.com/okta/okta-aspnet/issues/130).
```

            var tokenEndpoint = $"{oktaDomain}/oauth2/{authServerId}/v1/token";

            app.Use(typeof(RefreshTokenMiddleware), new RefreshTokenMiddlewareOptions
            {
                TokenEndpoint = tokenEndpoint,
                ClientId = ConfigurationManager.AppSettings["okta:ClientId"],
                ClientSecret = ConfigurationManager.AppSettings["okta:ClientSecret"],
            });
            
            // Adding Okta Mvc
            app.UseOktaMvc(new OktaMvcOptions()
            {
                OktaDomain = oktaDomain,
                ClientId = ConfigurationManager.AppSettings["okta:ClientId"],
                ClientSecret = ConfigurationManager.AppSettings["okta:ClientSecret"],
                AuthorizationServerId = authServerId,
                RedirectUri = ConfigurationManager.AppSettings["okta:RedirectUri"],
                PostLogoutRedirectUri = ConfigurationManager.AppSettings["okta:PostLogoutRedirectUri"],
                GetClaimsFromUserInfoEndpoint = true,

                Scope = new List<string> { "openid", "profile", "email", "offline_access" },
            });
        }
```

### RefreshTokenMiddleware.cs

> 

Reviewer: I suggest adding a brief comment on the purpose of the required classes and logic.

```csharp
    public class RefreshTokenMiddleware : OwinMiddleware
    {
        private readonly RefreshTokenMiddlewareOptions _options;

        public RefreshTokenMiddleware(OwinMiddleware next, RefreshTokenMiddlewareOptions options) : base(next)
        {
            _options = options;
        }

        public override async Task Invoke(IOwinContext context)
        {
            if (AccessTokenExpired(context) && HasRefreshToken(context))
            {
                await RefreshTokens(context);
            }

            await Next.Invoke(context);
        }

        private bool HasRefreshToken(IOwinContext context)
        {
            if (context.Authentication.User.Identity is ClaimsIdentity id && id.IsAuthenticated)
            {

>                 return id.Claims.Any(c => c.Type == JwtClaimTypes.Name);

Reviewer: Should we find a claim named "refresh_token" to determine if the user has a refresh token instead of `JwtClaimTypes.Name`?
Also, I suggest renaming `id` to `identity`.

## Refreshing Access Token

> Here is the possible implementation of Refresh Token middleware. 
> 
> Based on the sample from this issue https://github.com/okta/okta-aspnet/issues/130, thanks [@Good-man](https://github.com/Good-man).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is an example of middleware that handles the token refresh process based on the sample provided by [@Good-man](https://github.com/Good-man) on this issue https://github.com/okta/okta-aspnet/issues/130.
```
